Current vacancies
Recruitment process
Graduate programme
FAQ
Your privacy
Computer Vision Casual

Gain experience and exposure in real world AI and Computer Vision projects
Inhouse learning opportunity in software development and deployment, Agile working environment
Opportunity to become a permanent member of team in the future!
Te Whiwhinga mahi | The opportunity

We have the opportunity for a Computer Vision student to gain further experience in their field of interest.

You will work closely with Computer Vision Engineers and Analysts to develop, test and deploy the Computer Vision tool and other automation systems. This position is required to do some repetitive but necessary tasks such as annotating training images, evaluating and testing AI models, Ground Truth Testing, etc. This will give you great exposure and further learning opportunities.

The key deliverables will include:

Develop small size Computer Vision and AI-related features and tools
Deliver simple Computer Vision Build (CVB) projects such as ANPR, general object counting projects etc
Support key CVB project such as SVL, TLE, and CRL etc
Help the team to do image annotations, AI model training and validation.
Help the team to do ground truth testing
Share any other workloads from the team if possible.
Ko koe tēnei | About you

You will be currently studying towards Bachelor's degree in Computer Vision, Image Processing, Pattern Recognition, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Data Science, Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent

You will also bring the following:

Have exceptional written and verbal communication
Enjoy working collaboratively and using your strong interpersonal and influencing skills.
Be passionate about problem solving and critical thinking
Energetic, self-motivated, results driven and adaptable.
You must be available and eligible to work up to 40 hours per week.

Ko mātou tēnei | Our Organisation

At AT, we embrace inclusion and fully support building a diverse workplace where people come first and we feel safe, respected, valued and supported, inclusive of our differences. Our values are more than just words - they are integral to everything we do. Manaakitanga - We care, Tiakitanga - Safe with us, Whanaungatanga - We connect, Auahatanga - Better, bolder, together.

 In addition, we also offer:

Investment in your professional development and training
Opportunity for greater leadership and accountability
Modern CBD (Wynyard Quarter) waterfront-based office
Paid parental and partner leave
Study assistance
Health and Wellbeing benefits
Professional memberships
AT Connect groups such as Mana ka Māori, Women@AT, and many more!
Tono mai ināianei! | Apply Now!

Come join us in in shaping the future of transport in Auckland. Ka tiaki mātou i te hunga katoa ka eke waka i Tāmaki Makaurau.

We tiaki all those who use transport in Tāmaki Makaurau.