Senior Software Engineer (Mobile/Web)

Livestock Improvement Corporation 
View all jobs
Newstead, Waikato (Hybrid)
Engineering - Software (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Flexible hybrid work options
Posted 26d ago

How you match
3 skills and credentials match your profile
 Software Development
 JavaScript Programming
 CI/CD
Show all⁠
LIC is a farmer-owned co-operative that's been supporting herd improvement in New Zealand's dairy sector for more than 115 years. We're focused on providing superior genetics, reliable testing and diagnostics, integrated on-farm software, and great customer service, all designed to help farmers make smarter decisions every day.

As a proud generational co-operative, we're here for farmers, their families, and rural communities, not just for today, but for the future. And none of it happens without our people. Whether on farm, in the lab, or behind the scenes, every one of us plays a part in helping New Zealand farmers succeed.

The Role:
Reporting to the Technical Lead within the Farm Software stream, you'll have responsibility for building and delivering technology products that enable and support our Farmers.

Within Product Engineering, the focus is on delivering scalable, high-quality digital products through strong engineering practices, product thinking, and close collaboration with business and domain teams, aligned to product roadmaps and technology strategy.

As a Senior Software Engineer specializing in Mobile, you will operate in a hands-on technical capacity, leading the design and development of our MINDA mobile application, while also contributing to web-based experiences. You will make sound technical decisions, manage risks, support delivery, and contribute to continuous improvement across the team.

You will champion modern engineering practices, promote clean architecture and reusable design, and contribute to a cohesive cross-platform experience across mobile and web. You will also build strong understanding of LIC systems, products and roadmaps to ensure alignment across the broader technology landscape.

We are looking for individuals who are passionate about both mobile and web experiences, excited by cross-platform development, and motivated to continuously improve themselves and others. Strong collaboration and communication skills are essential for the role. The role can be either remote or based at our Newstead campus in Hamilton.

About You:
5+ years' commercial software development experience, with a strong focus on mobile application development using Flutter

Demonstrated experience building, releasing and maintaining production-grade iOS and Android mobile apps

Solid front-end engineering skills, with experience in web technologies (e.g. JavaScript/TypeScript, React or similar)

Strong understanding of mobile architecture patterns (e.g. Clean Architecture, MVVM)

Experience designing responsive, performant, and user-friendly cross-platform UI/UX experiences

Experience with RESTful APIs, backend services, and modern application data flows

Experience with CI/CD pipelines, mobile build/release processes, and automation

Experience working in cloud-integrated environments

Understanding of testing practices and a quality-first mindset

Proven track record of mentoring and supporting other engineers

Strong problem-solving skills and a detail-oriented mindset

Passion for mobile and web innovation

Experience developing in Agile, product-oriented teams

Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Why Join Us:
LIC puts people at the forefront of everything we do. We recognise that those extra little things can go along way to creating an enjoyable working experience. With exciting projects and opportunities for professional growth, you'll have the chance to make a real impact on the future of farming.

Competitive Salary: We value your skills and expertise. Enjoy a competitive salary that recognises your contributions.

Flexible working: Split your time working remotely and from our office, making this a great role for someone living commutable distance from our Hamilton office.

Great Work Environment: At our Hamilton office you'll have free carparking, free EV charging stations, tennis court, pool, and onsite café and social facilities.

Benefits that Matter: You'll receive some great benefits, including extra leave days, access to our employee shares scheme, and discounted health, life, income, and disability insurances.

Reporting to the Technical Lead within the Farm Software stream, you'll have responsibility for building and delivering technology products that enable and support our Farmers.
