Join as a Software Engineer delivering front and back end solutions for customer channels across branch and contact centre experiences.

Software Engineer | Intermediate Job in Auckland CBD, Auckland - SEEK
Skip to content
SEEK
Open app
Sign in
Sign in
Job search
People search
Career advice
Companies
Recruiters
Community
New Zealand
Australia
Hong Kong
Indonesia
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Employer site
Sign in
Sign in
Open app
Sign in
Sign in
Employer site
Job search
People search
Career advice
Companies
Recruiters
Community
Software Engineer | Intermediate
Westpac New Zealand Limited
View all jobs
Auckland CBD, Auckland
(Hybrid)
Engineering - Software (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Salary + 10% superannuation + Banking benefits
Posted 5d ago
Apply
⁠
Save
Mō te Tūranga | About the Role
We are seeking a passionate
Software Engineer
to join our team. In this role, you will contribute to the design, development, and maintenance of digital experiences for Frontline services and products working with branch and contact centre applications and integrations. You’ll work across front-end and back-end technologies, collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality software solutions.
Ko tō mahi | What you’ll do
Participate in code reviews and contribute to improving code quality.
Follow software engineering best practices.
Engage in requirement analysis and assist in technical solution design.
Develop new product features with a focus on quality.
Deliver project sprint commitments on time.
Participate in Agile software development practices.
Create and maintain documentation.
Support POCs and research activities.
Utilise experience with Jira and Confluence.
Assist in troubleshooting and resolving production incidents.
Contribute to shift-left testing and automation practices.
Collaborate on API and component design with guidance from senior engineers and architects.
Work collaboratively with the team and stakeholders, incorporating feedback when appropriate.
Adapt to changing priorities and demands.
Design, develop, test, and maintain applications with performance and reliability in mind.
Debug and resolve technical issues.
Produce relevant documentation throughout SDLC.
Support the project team from conception to delivery.
Nā tāu rourou | What will you bring?
3–5 years of commercial experience in Full Stack development with a focus on Java.
Understanding of testing practices and automation.
Experience with front-end technologies HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, Redux, Webpack.
Familiarity with DevOps practices such as CI/CD pipelines, containerization (Docker, Kubernetes), and deployment automation.
Knowledge of networking, databases, and APIs.
Exposure to observability tools such as Splunk & Dynatrace is a plus.
Ability to work collaboratively and communicate effectively within a team.
Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
Passion for best practices and writing high-quality code
Westpac Hei Wāhi Mahi | Working at Westpac
In addition to immersing yourself in a supportive team environment, you'll receive some great job perks and benefits including:
4 weeks standard holiday + 5 additional days of wellbeing leave to support you to be your best
Additional purchased leave options up to 4 weeks per year
Banking benefits, insurance discounts and superannuation scheme
Growth and development – we provide opportunities for development and promote internal mobility
Recognition - we recognise and reward our star performers
School holiday subsidy - help you balance work and family during school holiday
2 Volunteer days per year
Ko mātou tēnei | Our Organisation
At Westpac, we’re working together to build a fairer and stronger New Zealand for our people, customers, and communities. For over 160 years we’ve been driven by our purpose to Create Better Futures Together.
What makes us unique are the incredible people we’re lucky enough to have walk through our doors every day. The giant ‘W’ on our building doesn’t just stand for Westpac – it says, double you. We’re a place that values, rewards and recognises individuality. Where you can be your whole self, your true self, and your best self. We’re recognised as a place where talent is developed, where passions are fuelled and where ambitions of all shapes and sizes thrive. And it all starts with you!
Tono mai ināianei! | Apply Now!
Apply today with your CV and Cover Letter.
The people of Aotearoa, New Zealand hail from many cultures and backgrounds. At Westpac New Zealand, we draw on this enormous talent pool to cultivate a team rich in ability and empowered to reach its full potential. Our aim is to be brave challengers, celebrating our differences and relentlessly advocating for our customers. It starts with us – we believe that when we care deeply and do our best for our people, they’ll do their best for our customers. We encourage people from all walks of life to apply, including those who are neurodiverse, have chronic health conditions or disabilities – your attitude and passion are as important to us as your experience, qualifications and capabilities.
Mahi tahi tātou, kaha ake tātou | Together Greater
Applications close:
22 May 2026
Unlock job insights
Hirer responsiveness
Salary match
Number of applicants
Sign In
Register
Company profile
Westpac Bank
Banking & Credit
5,001-10,000 employees
As a large New Zealand business and employer, we touch the lives of more than 1.5 million customers, 5000 employees and communities nationwide. Our first customer came from the Otago goldfields in 1861. As our nation grew, we grew too. Now more than 1.5 million Kiwis bank with us. It’s our responsibility to help where we can. We aim to support our customers to become financially secure.
At Westpac, we’re working together to build a fairer and stronger New Zealand for our people, customers and communities. For over 160 years we’ve been driven by our purpose to Create Better Futures Together.
What makes us unique are the people we’re lucky enough to have walk through our doors every day.
As a large New Zealand business and employer, we touch the lives of more than 1.5 million customers, 5000 employees and communities nationwide. Our first customer came from the Otago goldfields in 1861. As our nation grew, we grew too. Now more than 1.5 million Kiwis bank with us. It’s our responsibility to help where we can. We aim to support our customers to become financially secure.
At Westpac, we’re working together to build a fairer and stronger New Zealand for our people, customers and communities. For over 160 years we’ve been driven by our purpose to Create Better Futures Together.
What makes us unique are the people we’re lucky enough to have walk through our doors every day.
Perks and benefits
Leave
Career Growth
Financial Wellbeing
Volunteer Leave
Parental Leave
School holiday subsidy
Discounts
More about this company
⁠
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad
⁠
Your email address
Reason for reporting job
Please select
Fraudulent
Discrimination
Misleading
Salary below minimum wage
Additional comments
To help fast track investigation, please include here any other relevant details that prompted you to report this job ad as fraudulent / misleading / discriminatory / salary below minimum wage.
Report job
Cancel
What can I earn as a Software Engineer
See more detailed salary information
Job seekers
Job search
Profile
People search
Saved searches
Saved jobs
Applied jobs
Career advice
Explore careers
Explore salaries
Companies
Recruiters
Community
Download apps
Android
iOS
SEEK sites
Employer site
SEEK AU
Volunteering
Business
Employers
Register for free
Post a job ad
Products & prices
Customer service
Hiring advice
Market insights
Recruitment software partners
About us
About SEEK
Newsroom
Investors
Careers
International partners
Bdjobs (Bangladesh)
Jobsdb (SE Asia)
Jobstreet (SE Asia)
Jora (Australia)
Jora (Worldwide)
Partner services
Sidekicker
Contact
Help centre
Contact us
Product & tech blog
SEEK videos
Social
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
New Zealand
Terms & conditions
Security
Privacy
© SEEK. All rights reserved